API Generator: Don't add `skipScopeCheck` when the entity has a `@ScopedEntity()` decorator (#2165)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/empty-goats-obey.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": patch
---

> CRUD Generator: don't add skipScopeCheck when entity has @ScopedEntity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Don't add `skipScopeCheck` when the entity has a `@ScopedEntity()` decorator
```
